Updated Connection Diagram for Playmates, Added diff between them and Fixed Typos (#105)
upsidedownlabs/docs.upsidedownlabs.tech: kits/npg-lite-kits/npg-lite-explorer/index.rst

Proto Playmate offers a flexible prototyping space with a dedicated area for adding your 
own components or circuits. It includes a QWIIC port for quick sensor integration, 
2.54 mm electrode header pins, an ON/OFF slide switch, and a connector interface for electrodes. 

> By combining electrodes with custom electronics, users can rapidly prototype biopotential signal-driven experiments, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By combining electrodes with custom electronics, users can rapidly prototype bio-potential signal-driven experiments, 
```
